There are 17 sustainable development goals and 116 targets to acheive which focus on three domains :
 1.Foundations of wellbeing 
2.basics human needs
 3.oppurtunities.
 But can a mere pool of efforts solve these ocean of problems? And the answer is YES. Technology is the only way to reach the expected destination as it acts as the best means of implementation . Goal 17 of SDG who's main motto is to bind the world together and move ahead on the path of joint sustainable advancements. The Goal  17  HAS 19 targets to be achieved by 2030, broken down into five categories: finance, technology, capacity building, trade and systemic issues. A number of systemic barriers were identified such as: the availability and reliability of data; lack of political will; weak capacity and technical know-how; inadequate mechanisms, structures to recognise financial opportunities and access available financial resources. I'm a person who is fond of Com0puter Sciences and I aspire to be a new age entrepreneur by extablishing a buisness entity whose prime purpose is technological advancement .  I do understand the necessity for the development and innovation in the field of Technlogy since its the backbone for any nation. Hence I believe this neccesity can be a good initiator of a great entreprenuership and give birth to a startup. So for the development of diplomatic goals, require a lot of private business intelligence in terms of services and production. In such a case, the transfer authority is made to a private limited organisation with agreed terms and conditions to the government.  They also have enormous pool of resources and highly talented & skilled brains which can work round the clock to meet the required goals. Most importantly, they can have strategic planning which leads to a proper and regular growth.Hence, it grooms a great ground for scientific and technological advancements . Creation of Technology based company which has adequate mechanism and structure to address financial problems , this being my life ambition, serves me as an oppurtunity to contribute to the global sustainable development. 